last night something serious is undoubtedly the intervention of nasser
within the facility and prison police where we had been we were
been guests
the part of the prison police from cairo welcomed very well
montenotte
web inas did not come by chance are diesel
the diet is a targeted investigation
that took them away to locate and search rihanna
brown sporting manager loyal boys sails their rooms the brands in the
machine sees
for the sports director
and dvd store we then asked for reason and this morning I all simonetto
fair brown
why
it is clear to me that
the fact was one of several
it is clear that we had to make no decisions about it
as we did on the basis of the record is that he loved us done
he had been released in the evening
we have deduced beyond her responsibilities in a doping key
ads are of no interest to us in this case
keplero
sir abundantly violated
the rules concerning binding rules of engagement provided for the girobio
this by the sports director but also by the boys
and therefore what we were entitled to as yesterday we did Russian national team that
he had not respected
picnik in this case with the requested documents transmission and also
today we were in great sorrow forced to leave home
puts off the wine tour
the formation of the unidelta locks recompose the foundation of loyal browns therein
including obviously fairy tale city are had won yesterday
fiat punto where you can is born snatching all his world useful way
what breaks the heart of the rules
there is the right path for every registered athlete to respect
in any case beyond the level of greater or lesser involvement of each
single profile mountain fate been disregarded in quite explicit motion
but the girella detention in its rooms
quantitative even though perhaps also limit that of various principals
logical plaster or simply
Czech vitamin support
however also including type of administration that clearly
although not necessarily illegal, however, they had to follow the expected procedure
to say the availability
of the centralized medical team this pharmacological material and the
possibility of courier to the same only following the promotion by the group
solitary
assistance 5
this was not done
tokio hotel okk cylinder scheme next show sports law
ann
exact agreement
on this
lightness and as from them rush even for some perhaps in good faith
and they did not in fact dispute the fact of this behavior that was going on
versus
what they had signed up paid for their substance
the acceptance say he was exposed the boss's fucking point